DOC-10808: Clarify impact (#784)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/sync-api/sync-function-api-access.adoc

<.> The null arguments mean these are treated as no-ops
====

> WARNING: Invoking the 'access()' function multiple times to grant the same user access to the same channel will result in negative performance implications, such as large fetches or request timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: If you invoke the `access()` function multiple times to grant the same user access to the same channel, you could see negative performance effects, such as large fetches or request timeouts. 
```

I don't think this properly used the ` that we use for monospace? And I think we can tighten up the language a bit. :) 

Remember, it's okay to address the user directly! It makes things more active and impactful.

Author: Done! I get them mixed up all time time still 😅
